Kubo install: update Mac instructions (#1655)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/install/command-line.md

### macOS

::: 

> This installation method supports both Intel and Apple Silicon hardware.
> :::

Reviewer: We should have a short sentence in case someone wants to do manual install or compare artifacts:
(the `v0.21.0` will get updates automatically via automation around `current-ipfs-version`): 

```suggestion
The `brew` installation method supports both Intel and Apple Silicon hardware.

If you prefer a manuall installation, `darwin-amd64` (Intel) and `darwin-arm64` (Apple Silicon) artifacts are provided at https://dist.ipfs.tech/kubo/v0.21.0/

:::
```

### macOS

::: 
The `brew` installation method supports both Intel and Apple Silicon hardware.

> If you prefer a manuall installation, `darwin-amd64` (Intel) and `darwin-arm64` (Apple Silicon) artifacts are provided at https://dist.ipfs.tech/kubo/v0.21.0/

Author: ```suggestion
If you prefer a manual installation, `darwin-amd64` (Intel) and `darwin-arm64` (Apple Silicon) artifacts are available at https://dist.ipfs.tech/kubo/v0.21.0/
```

- If an `$IPFS_PATH` is in the default location (for example, `~/.ipfs` on Linux), then it works automatically and the IPFS CLI client talks to the locally running `ipfs` daemon without any extra configuration.

> - If an `$IPFS_PATH` isn't in the default location, use the `--api <rpc-api-addr>` command-line argument. Alternatively, you can set the environment variable to `IPFS_PATH`. `IPFS_PATH` will point to a directory with the `$IPFS_PATH/api` file pointing at Kubo RPC of the existing `ipfs` daemon instance.

Author: ```suggestion
- If an `$IPFS_PATH` isn't in the default location, use the `--api <rpc-api-addr>` command-line argument. Alternatively, you can set the environment variable to `IPFS_PATH`. `IPFS_PATH` will point to a directory with the `$IPFS_PATH/api` file pointing at the Kubo RPC of the existing `ipfs` daemon instance.
```
